# Lexer
This project consists of a lexer that tokenizes source code into meaningful units in C++.

## Files and Directory Structure
### Source Files
- **Lexer.cpp**: Contains the implementation of the lexer class methods.
- **Utils.cpp**: Contains utility functions utilized by the lexer.
- **main.cpp**: The main program to test the lexer.

### Header Files
- **Lexer.h**: Contains the declaration of the Lexer class and token-related structures.
- **Utils.h**: Holds the function declarations for utility operations used by the lexer.

### Test Suite
- **lexer_tests.cpp**: Contains the Catch2 test suite for validating lexer functionality.

## Running Tests
To execute tests:

```bash
make lexer_tests
```

## Token Types
The lexer categorizes tokens into various types, including:
- IDENTIFIER
- INTEGER
- DECIMAL
- STRING
- CHARACTER
- BOOLEAN
- Operators (+, -, *, /, =, :, ;, (, ), {, })
- Keywords (int, decimal, string, bool, dspl)

## Usage
- Instantiate the Lexer class.
- Use the `scan()` method to tokenize source code and obtain tokens.
- Tokens can be accessed for analysis or further processing.

# Parser
This project contains a Parser designed to interpret a specific language.

## Description
The Parser takes as input a sequence of tokens generated by a Lexer corresponding to a specific language. It analyzes the token sequence to interpret and execute the language's instructions.

## Features
- **Instruction Parsing**: Recognizing and interpreting language instructions.
- **Value Display**: Interpreting display value instructions and displaying the corresponding output.
- **Variable Handling**: Recognizing and managing variables declared within the language.

## Files and Directory Structure
### Source Files
- **Parser.cpp**: Contains the implementation of the Parser class methods.
- **DisplayHandler.cpp**: Contains functions to handle displaying parsed values.
- **VariableHandler.cpp**: Functions related to variable parsing and handling.

### Header Files
- **Parser.h**: Contains declarations for the Parser class and associated structures.
- **DisplayHandler.h**: Header file declaring the DisplayHandler class.
- **VariableHandler.h**: Header defining the VariableHandler class.

## Usage
To compile the Parser and execute a source file:

```bash
make parse_test
```

Feel free to explore the source code for more details about usage and implementation.
